now he seemed to have a little visitor
in the house
those are getting a suntan the wife
doesn't like it in here well I don't
know it's not hurting anything forget we
got bugs in here I'm sure Lita you don't
want to lizard in here he's just
chilling I'm ready
lizards are fine they're not a big deal
out oh yeah that's easier said than done
I don't know if I can do this you know
there's too much crap here I mean I put
my hand it's like a bite me it's a it's
a lizard they're more interested in
insects thank you yeah see he's a happy
little lizard no I want to hear this
little little gecko normally these
things are green blue the floor and then
you move out huh yeah right
and see a little hip try to guide yeah
see this is where it's going to get
tough he's going to start running this
run to your right there you go
come on keep going keep going look look
at that and that cool right on my hand
he's outside he's right here where I'll
put them in the a low there you go there
gecko is free the job of removing
lizards from the house fun times
well there you go
snail the lizards happy he's gonna have
to hibernate
alright there you go
adios lizard